View the playlist of content to ensure you are up to date on mandatory training

As a food handling member of the team, you will be aware that there is mandatory training that is specific to your role. Clicking on this link will take you to an Ingenium playlist of training especially curated for food handlers like yourself. You should have already completed these topics, but please take a moment now to check on the playlist (blue tick) that you have done so, and if not please take some time to catch up.

As a hiring manager, you will be aware that there is mandatory training that is specific to your role relating to the hiring of employees. Clicking on this link will take you to an Ingenium playlist of training especially curated for hiring managers like yourself. You should have already completed these topics, but please take a moment now to check on the playlist (blue tick) that you have done so, and if not please take some time to catch up.

As a member of the team, you will be aware that there is mandatory training that is specific to your role. Clicking on this link will take you to an Ingenium playlist of training especially curated for colleagues like yourself. You should have already completed these topics, but please take a moment now to check on the playlist (blue tick) that you have done so, and if not please take some time to catch up.

View the playlist of content to help keep your skills current on Ingenium

As we go through these challenging times, it is important that we continue to develop. To support you to keep your skills fresh and up to date, we have curated a playlist of learning content, that includes some short micro learning modules on using technology to work and connect remotely. Click the link to explore the playlist and pick out modules that interest or have specific relevance to you.

View the playlist of content to help prepare to re-open your site

As we collectively start to prepare for the new normal in the post-lockdown world we have curated a playlist of learning modules specifically intended to help you get ready to resume business, including some modules to provide you the opportunity to reflect on how things used to be and see where changes should be made in adapting to the new reality. Click the link to explore the playlist and choose modules that relate to you and your area of the business.
