Mental health includes our emotional, psychological, and social well-being. It affects how we think, feel, and act. It also helps determine how we handle stress, relate to others, and make choices. Mental health is important at every stage of life

Mental illness affects each person differently. This is why it is important for all individuals in the workplace to be aware of potential contributing factors to mental health issues and strategies to maintain a positive pathway to mental health and encourage early reporting of symptoms.

Mental illness is a leading cause of disability. Untreated mental illness can cause severe emotional, behavioral and physical health problems. Complications sometimes linked to mental illness include: Unhappiness and decreased enjoyment of life


Anyone can suffer from mental health problems. While certain individuals or groups are more vulnerable, no one is immune to poor mental health.

People with mental health problems often face stigma, which can prevent them from seeking help and hinder their recovery.


There are five simple steps that can help you maintain and improve your wellbeing.  Try to build these into your daily life – think of them as your ‘five a day’ for wellbeing:

connect – spend time developing your relationships with your family, friends, colleagues and neighbours
be active – you don’t have to go to the gym, but taking part in physical activity such as walking or playing football will help you stay mentally healthy
keep learning – learning new skills can give you a sense of confidence and achievement
take notice – be more aware of the present moment, including your thoughts, feelings and body
give to others – acts of kindness can improve your own mood and have a positive impact on your own mental health

Mental health problems affect around one in four
people in Britain.


Micro-learning is more than simply bite-sized training modules. Micro-learning is focused and offers you just the right amount of information necessary to help you as a learner achieve a specific, actionable objective.
The below modules will help you gain an understanding into different topics associated with wellbeing, both at home in your personal life and in your workplace.
Micro-learning is easily accessible on your mobile and tablets, on-demand, sociable and fun!

Mental health is important at every stage of life and affects each person differently. This is why it is important for all individuals in the workplace to be aware of potential contributing factors to mental health issues and strategies to maintain a positive pathway to mental health and encourage early reporting of symptoms.
